# Snake

## The Playground

The playground is a 2x2 grid.

### Task

> Make a very simple HTML showing a 2x2 grid that will represent the playground for the game.

> Let's leave "empty" cells colorless for now.

## The Snake

Snake can be anywhere in the playground and is represented by consequitive calls of a distinct color.

> Let's pick a green color to represent the snake.

Snake can be of any length and the length is increasing during the game.

> Let's start simple and say snake's length is 1, for now.

## The WHAT of this ADR (final visualisation)

What a player should see when all the tasks in this ADR are done.

> A 2x2 grid where one cell is green and representing the snake and 3 other cells are colorless and representing "empty" cells.

## Technical expectations/requirements

> 1 html file: index.html

> 1 css file: styles.css

## Git instructions

Branch out of master to a new branch. Commit and push to that branch as much as you want/need. Make a Pull Request (PR) from that branch to master when done.

## The proof of that all is done

The following command should NOT error out (which it does at the moment, until the expectations are met)

```sh
$> make
```

## Advice

Keep it simple! => Do not overcomplicate until necessary! 

Think BIG but start ridiculously small! => Make baby steps. After every step make sure you are still on the right track.

Suggested order of the baby steps:
* Branch out from master to a new branch, like this:
  ```sh
  $> git checkout -b <name-of-the-new-branch>
  ```
  * Hint: using nice shells like [fish](https://fishshell.com/) helps to see what branch are you on atm, like this
  ```sh
  ⋊> ~/s/t/tdd-game-snake on master ⨯ 
                             ^^^^^^
  ``` 
* Make `$> make` happy the simplest way possible
  * Hint: just creating empty index.html and empty styles.css files makes the expectations met, i.e. all `$> make` does so far is check if the expected files exist. Later on it will run a static server serving this html and open a browser with just one command like `$> make start` so that user would not have to think much about how to start the game. But it, obviously, can do all that only when the files are there.
* For now, work only with index.html, forget about the css. 1) make it work, asap 2) make it work right 3) optimise, remember?
* Make the grid.
* `$> make` Still on the right track? No errors so far?
* Open the html file in a browser and test if it works.
* Little celebration by saving/committing. Allways good to have a save to go back to, isn't it?
* Place the snake somewhere (pick a position).
* `$> make` Still on the right track? No errors so far?
* Open the html file in a browser and test if it works.
* Little celebration by saving/committing. Allways good to have a save to go back to, isn't it?
* Kinda done at this step... 1) make it work, asap - is done!
* Start 2) making it work right, move the styles from html file to css file.
* `$> make` Still on the right track? No errors so far?
* Test in a browser.
* Little celebration by saving/committing. Allways good to have a save to go back to, isn't it?
* Tap yourself on the soulder "Good job!"
* Commit, push, create a PR.
* Go have a break and celebrate!
